(SLS ATTORNEYS AND INTERNATIONAL LEGAL CONSULTANTS

with Logo in colour)
DISCLAIMER (to be agreed before accessing the site)
This website has been designed only with the intention to provide current and factual
information about our office. This website is not created as an advertisement to solicit
clients. By visiting us you are agreeing to the same.
PHILOSOPHY
Our principle goal is to be an instrument of GOD and provide “Peaceful Solutions”
(SHALOM) to our client’s complex legal needs.

PROFILE
It is our vision to be a leading global law firm, provide the highest quality legal service and
be a part of our client’s success.
As a leading law firm, SLS (SHALOM LEGAL SERVICES) collaborates with lawyers in
various disciplines, located in more than 10 countries, across India, USA, Europe, Middle
East, Africa and Asia Pacific.
We provide legal solutions to a wide spectrum of legal matters. Our clients range from
multinational enterprises to emerging companies. We advise various governments in their
international investments and also counsel banking / financial institutions.
The strong ethical and professional approach of the firm helps build our clientele.
Our Pro Bono Policy
Our key areas of passion in our Pro Bono commitment:
To assist minors and women, molested or harassed.
To staff and support individuals or organizations that cannot afford to engage the services of
counsel.
To represent and counsel undertrials and prisoners who have been falsely charged.
To train prisoners in skills that can provide them with self employment and improve/better
their lives.
We are ever grateful to GOD for providing us with an advisory support panel which
comprises of distinguished individuals, renowned for their life of service, to support us in
fulfilling our commitment.


AREAS OF PRACTICE
Corporate and Commercial Law
Intellectual Property Law
Cyber Law
Real Estate- Due Diligence
Immigration Law
International Law
Taxation Laws
Consumer Protection Law
Insurance
Technology
Aviation
Criminal Law
Civil Law
Media, Sport and Entertainment
Litigations
Arbitrations- Domestic and International
Background Check


OUR PRESENCE
India
USA
Japan
United Kingdom
Singapore
Mauritius
SriLanka


JOIN US
As an Attorney or Partner
As a Consultant
As an intern
CONTACT
info@
